<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>Pet Cat Care</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/cssLayout.css" />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="layout/newTemplate.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="content">
                <p:panel header="Persian cat" closable="true" toggleable="true" closeTitle="Close">
                    <h:panelGrid columns="2">
                        <p:graphicImage library="images" name="persian_1.jpg" width="400" height="300"/>
                        <font color="white">The Persian cat (Persian: گربه ایرانی Gorbe Irâni) is a long-haired breed of cat characterized by 
                        its round face and short muzzle. It is also known as the Persian Longhair. In the Middle East they 
                        are widely known as Iranian cat and in Iran they are known as Shirazi cat. The first documented ancestors
                        of the Persian were imported into Italy from Iran (Persia) around 1620. The exact history of the Persian cat
                        does seem to be a bit of a mystery but many of these long-haired cats were seen in hieroglyphics. 
                        The story has it that these long-haired cats were then imported into Europe as
                        their popularity grew and breeding took place in Italy and France.</font>
                        <br/>
                    </h:panelGrid>            
                </p:panel>

                <p:panel header="Bengal cat" closable="true" toggleable="true" closeTitle="Close">
                    <h:panelGrid columns="2">
                        <p:graphicImage library="images" name="Bengal_1.jpg" width="200" height="300"/>
                        <font color="white">The Bengal is a domestic cat breed developed to look like exotic jungle cats such as leopards, 
                        ocelots, margays and clouded leopards. Bengal cats were developed by selective breeding from hybrids
                        of the Asian leopard cat (ALC), Prionailurus bengalensis bengalensis, with domestic cat, backcrossed to
                        domestic cats, with the goal of creating a confident, healthy, and friendly cat with a highly contrasted and 
                        vividly marked coat .</font>
                    </h:panelGrid>
                </p:panel>

                <p:panel header="Sphynx cat" closable="true" toggleable="true" closeTitle="Close">
                    <h:panelGrid columns="2" >
                        <p:graphicImage library="images" name="Sphynx.jpg" width="200" height="300"/>
                        <font color="white">The Sphynx cat is a breed of cat known for its lack of coat (fur). It was developed through selective breeding, 
                        starting in the 1960s. The skin should have the texture of chamois, as it has fine hairs. Whiskers may be present, 
                        either whole or broken, or may be totally absent. Their skin is the color that their fur would be, and all the usual
                        cat markings (solid, point, van, tabby, tortie, etc.) may be found on the Sphynx cat's skin.</font>
                    </h:panelGrid>
                </p:panel>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

